( Yami Yugi )
Previously on "Yu-Gi-Oh !"...
( Seto )
We're currently on course
for Kaiba Corp Island.
This is where
the finals will end
and the champion
will be crowned.
It's a fitting place
for my victory,
at the very sight where our
stepfather was last seen.
It won't be
long now, Mokuba,
before I prove to
the entire world
that there is no one on
Earth whose superior to me !
♪
♪ Your move, your move ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh ♪
♪ Is King of Games ♪
It's time to duel !
♪
( Noah )
Surveillance sensors,
can you confirm
the location of
the Kaiba
Corporation Airship ?
( woman )
Affirmative.
Kaiba Kraft Three
is currently 1.4 miles
from our present
coordinates.
Excellent.
Begin ascent.
♪
Activate rear engines.
Propulsion control,
full throttle !
At last, Seto...
I'll finally reclaim
everything
you've stolen from me !
♪
( Fuguta )
Our final destination
is in sight.
Standby for descent upon
Kaiba Corp Island,
for the conclusion
of the Battle City Finals.
( Yugi sighing )
I couldn't sleep
at all last night !
After everything that
happened yesterday,
it's pretty obvious that
Marik will stop at nothing
to get his hands on the ancient
power of the Pharaoh
and he'll crush
whoever stands in his way !
So, how long
have you been here ?
Tell me what you've
done with Bakura !
If you mean
the Spirit of the Ring,
you should know what fate
befalls someone
unfortunate enough
to lose a Shadow Game !
But Bakura was only one of
Marik's victim's !
And the list
is growing fast !
First Marik's servant, Odion,
took the fall when Marik angered
the Egyptian gods.
( gasping )
Then Marik trapped Mai's mind
in the Shadow Realm !
There's no telling
who he'll target next.
I'm not just gonna sit around
and wait to find out.
Marik's gotta be
stopped before...
( rumbling )
Hey, what was that ?
Wake up, guys !
( rumbling )
Hey, Téa !
Did you
feel that ?
I guess not...
( rumbling )
Huh, huh ?
What... who ?
( Roland )
We appear to be
veering off course, sir.
( Mokuba )
Well, we better
veer back on course
before my brother
finds out !
We're trying,
but it's not--
What's going on ?
Seto !
We've lost control,
see ?
The blimp is changing
direction on its own !
Impossible !
How can this be ?
I don't know !
It's as if the autopilot
was reprogrammed !
Then shut it down !
And do it
right now !
Hey... what's up
with the turbulence ?
Yeah, some of us
sleep past 5:00.
( Yami Marik laughing )
It appears someone else
has an interest
in bringing
chaos and misery
upon these fools as well.
What an unexpected and amusing
turn of events.
Oh no !
The autopilot isn't
responding, Mr. Kaiba !
Make it respond !
But it's rejecting every
one of my commands !
What should I do ?
I pay you good money !
Now do whatever
it takes
to get us back on course
to Kaiba Corp Island !
That pile of junk ?
( Mokuba )
Hey !
Watch what
you're calling junk !
That's where our company
started !
Is that the final
dueling site ?
It is.
I built it
from the ruins
of my stepfather's
empire.
It symbolizes
the triumph of
new over old.
Kaiba Corp wasn't
always a game company.
The corporation was originally
set up by our stepdad
to construct
high-tech vehicles for war.
But then Seto took over
and changed all that.
That island out there
used to be the company's
central headquarters.
Until my brother tore down all
the military factories !
Then he built that
Duel Tower on top of the rubble,
as a symbol of the new
Kaiba Corp !
That's enough,
Mokuba !
( Joey )
I think we hit
a sore spot.
( Seto )
What happened between
me and my stepfather
is family business.
Besides, that's all
ancient history.
Now I command
an empire that dwarfs his
and once I'm crowned the world's
greatest duelist
on top of that tower,
I'll be free from my
stepfather's shadow forever !
( Fuguta )
I've got it !
Our navigation computers
are taking commands from
outside the ship.
Someone's hacked
into the main frame
and changed our destination
coordinates !
( all gasping )
There's no way
that's true !
The security system
on this ship
is state-of-the-art !
Our situation
is worsening !
We're losing altitude
rapidly !
I can see that,
you buffoon !
Everybody hold on !
( all yelling )
Is everyone all right ?
( Tristan )
You mean besides the whiplash
and the sprained ankle ?
Can you say
"lawsuit" ?
Try the Emergency
Override System !
It's no use !
I've been
completely locked out !
( Seto )
I don't know who's
behind all this,
but I won't let my triumphant
return to Kaiba Corp Island
be ruined by
some computer geek !
( beeping )
( Noah )
Greetings, duelists.
There's nothing wrong with
your television set !
I'm in control now !
Identify yourself !
Always barking orders,
aren't you ?
I've been
observing you.
And it's time I put you in
your place, Seto !
So from now on, I'll be
calling the shots around here.
And my first order of business
is to put an end
to your little card game.
( Mokuba )
You'll never get away
with this, you creep !
Too late for that.
I already have !
Look, kid, I demand
to know your name !
There you go again.
Well, fine.
The name is Noah,
and you and I go back
quite a long way, Seto !
All right...
enough of your
foolish games !
I'm afraid my games have only
just begun, you fool !
( Mokuba )
What do you think
he meant by that, Seto ?
( Joey )
Unfortunately, I think
we're about to find out.
( Téa )
What is that ?
Seems like some kind of
underwater fortress
or something.
( Téa )
I don't like
the looks of it !
It's huge !
( Joey )
And it's still growing !
( Fuguta )
I have bad news,
Mr. Kaiba.
What is it ?
Well, sir, it appears that
floating fortress
is using a tractor beam
to pull our
aircraft towards it !
Let us go !
Look,
you little brat !
Enough's enough
It's no use, guys.
That kid has us
right where he wants us.
I just wish I knew where
"that" was !
♪
He's activated our
landing function, sir.
There's nothing
I can do !
( laughing )
This is going to be even more
interesting than I thought.
As soon as we land,
I'll make that
little brat pay.
I want first crack
at him !
Easy,
he's just a kid.
Are we safe ?
Of course we are, sis,
as long as I'm on board.
That's enough !
This is my aircraft
and I'll handle
this on my own !
( Joey )
Whatever.
( Seto )
I have a feeling there's more
to that kid, Noah,
than meets the eye.
There's no way some
prepubescent punk
planned all this.
Thanks for
dropping in, Seto.
Time for you and your friends
to exit the ship.
Is that so ?
What if we don't ?
( giggling )
I'm afraid at this point,
refusal is not an option.
Thanks to my
stun phasers !
Do what
he says !
This kid's nuts !
You all stay here !
Kaiba, don't !
Look, this is
my battle, Yugi.
So don't do me
any favors.
Kaiba !
Mokuba, you are not
to leave this ship !
But wait !
Noah !
I'll be coming out
to you alone !
Any questions ?
( Noah )
Care to reconsider
your decision ?
( Joey )
I can answer that for him !
Now let's try this whole
thing again,
shall we, Seto ?
Please be so kind as to exit
the ship,
with your friends.
Let me handle this
and we'll be out of here soon.
Look, I don't know what
this kid's beef is with you
but it's our problem now too
so why don't you just get
over yourself ?
Now if you'll all proceed
straight ahead,
we can continue this party.
Mr. Kaiba !
You two goons
can wait on the blimp.
This invitation is for
duelists only !
You're no duelist.
No one has to know that,
so zip it, dice boy.
♪
Serenity, I want you
to stay right here,
where it's safe.
Joey, we're a team
and there's
no way I'm letting you
go out there without me.
But--
( Tristan )
She's better off with us, Joey.
That creep Marik is back there,
remember ?
I sense a great deal of
turmoil and destruction ahead.
Perhaps the enemy of my enemy
is my friend.
What is it
you want from us, Noah ?
( Noah )
Everything will be made clear
soon enough.
Just continue to
the end of the hallway,
where my associates
will greet you.
They're especially
excited to see you, Mr. Kaiba.
( Téa )
This is getting
creepier and creepier.
( Mokuba )
Check it out.
What is this place ?
It looks too big to be
a racquetball court.
Is there
anybody out there ?
( men laughing )
Who's there ?
Show yourselves !
( Gansley )
With pleasure.
But wait !
It can't be !
You should have known we'd
be back, Seto Kaiba...
for revenge !
( Gansley )
Surprised to
see us again, Kaiba ?
So you know these
five suits, man ?
What's goin' on here ?
Suddenly I feel
really underdressed.
I can't put
my finger on it,
but something about
these guys
seems really
familiar to me.
These are the five creeps that
tried to get rid of Seto
and take over Kaiba Corp !
Gansley, Crump, Johnson,
Nezbitt and Leichter !
Also known as The Big Five !
That's right !
They trapped Kaiba in Cyber-land
until we saved him !
Almost right.
They were hired
by my stepfather
to serve as Kaiba Corp's
board of directors.
But that wasn't
enough power for them,
so they tried to destroy me
using my own
virtual technology
and take over
my company.
Seto, it's not your dragon
they're attacking;
it's you !
All right, you slime balls.
It's over.
Now, it's you five
who will be trapped here
when I fuse together
my three monsters
to form Blue-Eyes
Ultimate Dragon !
Blue-Eyes Ultimate
Dragon, go !
Along with
Black Luster Soldier !
♪
( Mokuba )
When those corporate
creep-a-zoids lost,
they were imprisoned
in the virtual world
instead of Seto.
That's right, but did you
honestly believe
that you'd
seen the last of us ?
We wandered through cyberspace
for what seemed
like an eternity
thinking of one question
over and over.
How could we get
revenge for our suffering ?
We finally
found our answer
the day that Noah
hacked into
Kaiba Corp's main frame.
Once we discovered that we
all shared a common enemy
in Seto Kaiba,
naturally Noah uploaded
our minds to his system.
So you guys are
virtual ?
I defeated you once,
and I can
easily do it again !
We plan to give you every
opportunity to do so,
Mr. Kaiba,
for we've devised a new game
with Noah's help.
What kind of a game are we
talking about, you snake ?
( Gansley )
Oh, it's a game you're quite
familiar with, Mr. Kaiba.
It's a Duel
Monsters Tournament,
a virtual Duel Monsters
Tournament, that is.
And you're all
invited to participate.
But why do you guys
wanna duel us ?
Our minds have been trapped
in this virtual prison
for so long,
we've lost our bodies.
But if we defeat you in
Noah's virtual arena,
then we'll return
to the real world
in your bodies !
No one's takin' over
my body again !
Now, it's time
to pay a visit
to our special
dueling world !
( all laughing )
I'm sure you'll find
this world
unlike anything
you've ever seen !
♪
( Tristan )
It's a jungle.
Not quite.
What do you mean,
Yugi ?
Looks like
a jungle to me.
Weren't you
geeks listening ?
This environment
is virtual.
Joey !
Relax, Serenity, I know
this place looks real,
but it's actually just a
life-sized video game, sis !
You sure this
isn't real ?
Because it
sure smells real.
( Tristan )
That was me.
Tristan,
that's gross !
( rumbling )
I don't like the sound
of this, you guys.
( rumbling )
( Joey )
D-d-d-on't panic !
It's just a hologram !
Are you sure ?
Uh, why,
don't I seem sure ?
( roaring )
Run, Kaiba !
Seto !
That brat Noah
can't intimidate me
with cheap virtual illusions
like this.
I wrote better virtual-reality
programs back when this kid
was still
wearing diapers !
This stuff's amateur.
You're right.
Kaiba ?
Did you just change
your outfit or something ?
( Yugi )
Ah, that's not Kaiba.
Whoa !
You... he...
but... I...
Relax, it's a cheap copy.
I used to create
virtual clones of myself
all the time to
duel against.
Why duel yourself ?
Who better ?
♪
Where'd
he come from ?
( Gansley )
Attention fools !
It's time for us to demonstrate
the new dueling rules !
What do you mean
"new rules ?"
We've created a new
system of dueling
especially
for our tournament.
So pay attention.
And try to
keep up !
( Gansley )
In our world, we play by
a new set of rules
called the Deck Master System.
So watch and learn as our
Virtual Kaiba battles
Total Defense Shogun !
First, each duelist must choose
a Deck Master.
Blue-Eyes will be
Virtual Kaiba's.
Total Defense Shogun will
act as his own Deck Master.
Now begin !
For my first move,
I summon Lord of Dragons !
♪
And next, I activate
The Flute of
Summoning Dragon.
♪
This magic card allows me
to summon two more
Blue-Eyes White Dragons
to the playing field !
And now, I'll move
my Deck Master
to the center
of the playing field !
Cyber Kaiba played three
Blue-Eyes in one move !
So it looks like your
Deck Master stands next to you
until you decide to summon it
to the field.
Lastly, I'll use
Polymerization
to fuse my three Blue-Eyes
White Dragons together !
( roaring )
To form Blue-Eyes
Ultimate Dragon !
As you can see,
virtual Kaiba combined his
Deck Master
with two other Blue-Eyes
to form a creature that's
virtually unstoppable.
And thanks to his
Deck Master's Special Ability,
this new fusion monster can
attack immediately !
Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon,
I command you
to attack
Total Defense Shogun directly !
( roaring )
♪
Of course, since
Total Defense Shogun
is also a Deck Master
it has its own
Special Ability...
Total Defense Barrier !
It blocks the attack
and reflects it right back !
( roaring )
( groaning )
Ta-ta, Virtual Kaiba.
Soon that will happen to
the real McCoy !
You see, if your
Deck Master is destroyed,
you automatically lose the duel,
regardless of life points.
And when each
of you loses a duel,
one of us will take over
your body !
I've heard enough !
I've defeated you
five white-collar has-beens
once before and I can
easily do it again !
No matter
what the rules are,
I'll still take
you down !
( Big Five laughing )
( Joey )
Let us out of here,
you crotchety old cranks !
( Gansley )
We've never even left
this room, you fools !
But make
no mistake,
you kids aren't going
anywhere
for a long while.
You're trapped and your only
chance of escape
is to defeat each
of us in a virtual duel.
There's no way you're gonna
get away with this,
you stuffed shirts !
Yeah !
We'll kick your
big-business butts !
Joey, wait !
Don't worry, Serenity.
We can whip these five
geezers one, two, tree !
I promise we'll win.
And I've never broken
a promise to you.
Then promise
you'll be careful.
Deal.
If we stick together,
they won't stand a chance !
Don't worry,
I got your back, man !
Me too !
Pass the jam,
'cause these guys are toast !
Hold on, guys.
They never said which of us
will actually have to duel.
( Crump )
Good question, kid !
Just to make sure that
you all suffer equally,
we'll be dueling against every
one of you brats !
Remember, we need
to take over five bodies.
So the first five of you
to lose
will have the honor
of gaining our minds
while yours stay
trapped here !
( all gasping )
In your dreams !
Ever since you
destroyed our bodies,
all we've had are our
dreams, Mr. Kaiba !
Until now !
The time has come to
make our dreams a reality,
by escaping from this
virtual abyss
and leaving you
here in our place...
for all eternity !
( all laughing )